

I know there is no way I can convince you that this is not one of
their tricks.  But I don't care.  I am me.  

My name is Valerie.  I don't think I'll live much longer, and I wanted
to tell someone about my life.  This is the only autobiography that I
will ever write.  And god, I'm writing it on toilet paper.

I was born in Nottingham in 1985.  I don't remember much of those
early years, but I do remember the rain.  My grandmother owned a farm
in Tottlebrook, and she used to tell me that God was in the rain.  I
passed my eleventh lesson and went to girl's grammar.  It was at
school that I met my first girlfriend.  Her name was Sarah.  It was
her wrists.  They were beautiful.  I thought we would love each other
for ever.

I remember our teacher telling us, it was an adolecent phase that
people outgrew.  Sarah did.  I didn't.  

In 2002 I fell in love with a girl named Christina.  That year I came
out to my parents.  I couldn't have done it without Chris holding my
hand.  My father wouldn't look at me.  He told me to go and never come
back.  My mother said nothing.  I'd only told him the truth.  Was that
so selfish?  

Our integrity sells for so little.  But it is all we really have.  It
is the very last inch of us.  But within that inch, we are free.  

I'd always known what I wanted to do with my life.  And in 2015 I
starred in my first film, The Salt Flats.  It was the most important
role of my life.  Not because of my career, but because that was how I
met Ruth.  The first time we kissed, I knew I never wanted to kiss any
other lips but hers again.  

We moved to a small flat in London together.  She grew Scarlet Carsons
for me in our window box, and our place always smelt of roses.  Those
were the best years of my life.  

But America's war grew worse, and worse.  And eventually came to
London.  After that there were no roses anymore.  Not for anyone.

I remember how the meaning of words began to change.  How unfamiliar
words like "collateral" and "rendition" became frightening.  While
things like "Norsefire" and "Articles of Allegiance" became powerful.  

I remember how "different" became dangerous.  And I still don't
understand it, why they hate us so much.  

They took Ruth while she was out buying food.  I've never cried so
hard in my life.  It wasn't long till they came for me.

It seems strange that my life should end in such a terrible place.
But for three years, I had roses and apologized to no one.  

I shall die here.

Every inch of me shall perish.  Every inch, but one.

An inch.  It is small, and it is fragile.  And it is the only thing in
the world worth having.  

We must never loose it or give it away.  We must never let them take
it from us.

I hope that, whoever you are, you escape this place.  I hope that the
world turns, and that things get better.  

But what I hope most of all is that you understand what I mean when I
tell you that even though I do not know you, and even though I may
never meet you, laugh with you, cry with you, or kiss you, I love you.
With all my heart.  I love you.  



                                                - Valerie

